quality/_/_lots of different things
variation/_/_no similarity
entity/_/_chained entity
indication/_/_cause for
mindset/_/_good feeling
entity/_/_center space counter
with a criteria/_/_numerous times
location/_/_certain part of some place
location/_/_flat plot of space
location/_/_rough plot of space
location/_/_plot of space
entity/_/_vague component
ill/_/_wrong
area/_/_amount of surface
entity/_/_apparent quality
entity/_/_awareness of matters
ill/_/_bad situation
criteria/_/_bound agreement
item/_/_calcium bicarbonate
quality/_/_certain element
base/_/_common foundation
standard/_/_common ground
standard/_/_common intellect
location/_/_cross of a divide
location/_/_divide region
location/_/_dividing region
standard/_/_earnest commitment
communication/_/_engaging transmission
contentment/_/_enough contentment
entity/_/_evaluated visualization
entity/_/_exhibit of some detail
against/_/_fighting with
mindset/_/_fine thinking
location/_/_flowing current
area/_/_general territory
standard/_/_good instinct
standard/_/_good reasoning
item/_/_hard shell
inexact/_/_having bumpy variations
inexact/_/_having sharp variations
location/_/_high land
content/_/_in agreement
entity/_/_industrial plant
new/_/_just made
quiet/_/_little sound
location/_/_mud territory
quality/_/_near to the same
quality/_/_not flat
quality/_/_not uniform
quality/_/_nothing in it
one/_/_one character
one/_/_one creature
one/_/_one thing
location/_/_open area
item/_/_outdoor air
entity/_/_particular issue
area/_/_place at a certain base
area/_/_place at a certain station
area/_/_place at a certain outpost
standard/_/_practical information
history/_/_previous enactments
entity/_/_repair facility
at a location/_/_right near
location/_/_rocky landscape
quality/_/_rough form
location/_/_sand territory
location/_/_soil territory
entity/_/_some item being monitored
entity/_/_something checked out
entity/_/_span of a flat region
entity/_/_specific component
mindset/_/_stable intellect
location/_/_stone territory
entity/_/_stopping point
entity/_/_storage site
entity/_/_street light
location/_/_surrounding ground
entity/_/_telling of a plot
entity/_/_telling of some experience
worried/_/_troubled with a concern
location/_/_work shop
mindset/_/_working mind
a standard/_/_worthy stature
entity/_/_written work
positive/_/_good detail
people/_/_group of persons
right/_/_accurate inference
suppression/_/_awkward interacting
issue/_/_anything difficult
plan/_/_approach or wish
compelling/_/_appropriately directed
discord/_/_awful position
discord/_/_bad position
standard/_/_basic functionality
be outstanding/_/_be apart
self-improvement/_/_be commendable
self-improvement/_/_be virtuous
report/_/_bring fact
standard/_/_common implementation
standard/_/_common useful model
discord/_/_compromise of safety
right/_/_configured validly
refutation/_/_contrasting views
entity/_/_cross section
entity/_/_crowd occurring
issue/_/_current item
outcome/_/_defining resolve
issue/_/_difficult thing
outcome/_/_end factor
outcomes/_/_end factors
outcome/_/_ending factor
outcomes/_/_ending factors
remembrance/_/_familiar past experience
objection/_/_a fight against
discord/_/_harmful manipulation
discord/_/_hateful act
provide/_/_get available
negative/_/_ill willed
self-improvement/_/_keeping honor
effort/_/_labor applied
entity/_/_main stay
excitement/_/_much anticipation
transition/_/_new period
evidence/_/_given support
self-improvement/_/_greater honor
stickler/_/_harsh person
is useful/_/_has purpose
right/_/_normal facilitation of
discord/_/_hateful plot
standard/_/_of common components
availability/_/_with a supply
outfitted/_/_having everything figured over
outfit/_/_figure everything
professional/_/_highly skilled
how/_/_in what way
use/_/_interest called for
haphazard/_/_something with little protection
negativeness/_/_mean spirit
entity/_/_off shoot
stickler/_/_one difficult to please
item/_/_piece of clothing
time/_/_previous experience
right/_/_a proper suggestion
right/_/_properly suggested
discord/_/_public crisis
remembrance/_/_recalled account
object/_/_recommend against
objecting/_/_recommending against
culture/_/_regional diversity
rebel/_/_rule breaker
rebellious/_/_rule breaking
plan/_/_set design
scenario/_/_set of conditions
irritated/_/_sick about
discord/_/_some attack
a provision/_/_something for use
positive/_/_something indicative
discord/_/_stressing incident
excitement/_/_strong activity
compelling/_/_strongly influential
improvement/_/_success in realizing
right/_/_a valid configuration
prevalent/_/_well off
useful/_/_with a purpose
haphazard/_/_with risk
discord/_/_wrong engagement
people/_/_you all
exhausted/_/_zonked out
fill/_/_pile up
filling/_/_piling up
deliberate/_/_appropriate over
grant/_/_offer an advancement
harnessing/_/_use of talent
harnessment/_/_better use of talent
fine-tune/_/_tweak application
flourish/_/_execute virtuously
consulting/_/_grade concern
visioning/_/_impeccable like
appropriate/_/_go match to
fit/_/_go match
improve/_/_polishing marvel
enrich/_/_confer garnish
excell/_/_administer acumen
execute/_/_carry out
executing/_/_carrying out
choose/_/_go with an option
choosing/_/_going with an option
selection/_/_an option to go with
give/_/_care for
give/_/_let have
giving/_/_letting have
portray/_/_make evident
portraying/_/_making evident
reclaim/_/_get something back
reclaiming/_/_getting something back
recognize/_/_approve through with appropriation
recognizing/_/_approving through with appropriation
repeal/_/_take away
repealing/_/_taking away
repeal/_/_get rid of
repealing/_/_getting rid of
shuffle/_/_sway back and forth
shuffling/_/_swaying back and forth
streak/_/_leave a line
streaking/_/_leaving a line
occur/_/_take place
occurring/_/_taking place
travel/_/_head for
travelling/_/_heading for
turn/_/_alter course
turning/_/_altering course
turn/_/_change angle
turning/_/_changing angle
wrap/_/_weave together
wrap/_/_weaving together
crowd/_/_get to be too much
crowding/_/_getting to be too much
crowd/_/_fill up
crowding/_/_filling up
maneuver/_/_go around
maneuvering/_/_going around
walk/_/_creep towards
walking/_/_creeping towards
climb/_/_go up
climbing/_/_going up
recognize/_/_approval of appropriation
want/_/_be eager
wanting/_/_being eager
proceed/_/_make a drive
proceeding/_/_making a drive
reduce/_/_cut out
reducing/_/_cutting out
reduce/_/_cut off
reducing/_/_cutting off
reduce/_/_cut back
reducing/_/_cutting back
reduce/_/_make smaller
reduce/_/_make small
reducing/_/_making small
reducing/_/_making smaller
reduce/_/_make less
reducing/_/_making less
reduce/_/_make far smaller
reducing/_/_making far smaller
reduce/_/_make far less
reducing/_/_making far less
reduce/_/_make somewhat less
reducing/_/_making somewhat less
reduce/_/_become little
reducing/_/_becoming little
reduce/_/_scale down
reducing/_/_scaling down
reduce/_/_scale smaller
reducing/_/_scaling smaller
reduce/_/_make miniature
reducing/_/_making miniature
reduce/_/_get small
reducing/_/_getting small
reduce/_/_get smaller
reducing/_/_getting smaller
reduce/_/_get less
reducing/_/_getting less
reduce/_/_take more away
reducing/_/_taking more away
disrupt/_/_push around
disrupting/_/_pushing around
stress/_/_wear down
stressing/_/_wearing down
stress/_/_drain energy
stressing/_/_draining energy
divert/_/_draw away
practice/_/_get prepared
sympathize/_/_feel sorry for
sympathizing/_/_feeling sorry for
prepare/_/_figure what do
preparing/_/_figuring what do
prepare/_/_get ready
preparing/_/_getting ready
add/_/_make contribution
prepare/_/_make ready
adding/_/_making contribution
prepare/_/_making ready
respond/_/_show caring concern
responding/_/_showing sympathy
fill/_/_use up space
filling/_/_using up space
support/_/_agree with
supporting/_/_agreeing with
distract/_/_attract concern
distracting/_/_attracting concern
know/_/_be aware of
belong/_/_be included
please/_/_be kind
disappoint/_/_be not good enough
disappoint/_/_not being good enough
knowing/_/_being aware of
belonging/_/_being include
pleasing/_/_being kind
disappoint/_/_being not good enough
disappointing/_/_not being good enough
infiltrate/_/_break in
infiltrating/_/_breaking in
distract/_/_bring attention to
represent/_/_bring commentary
distracting/_/_bringing attention to
representing/_/_bringing commentary
do/_/_carry through
doing/_/_carrying through
alter/_/_change a component
represent/_/_cover a detail
representing/_/_covering a detail
please/_/_do a favor
pleasing/_/_doing a favor
retract/_/_draw back
retract/_/_drawing back
direct/_/_easily arrange
infiltrate/_/_gain power
infiltrating/_/_gaining power
know/_/_get a concept
fit/_/_get something in
dispose/_/_get rid of
orient/_/_get the right perspective
orient/_/_get a right perspective
knowing/_/_getting a concept
fitting/_/_getting something in
disposing/_/_getting rid of
orienting/_/_getting the right perspective
please/_/_give a favor
exchange/_/_give back and forth
pleasing/_/_giving a favor
exchanging/_/_giving back and forth
go/_/_go to somewhere
going/_/_going to somewhere
give/_/_hand over
giving/_/_handing over
influence/_/_have authority
belong/_/_have inclusiveness
belong/_/_have a part of
belonging/_/_having inclusiveness
belonging/_/_having a part of
go/_/_head for
going/_/_heading for
limit/_/_hold back
preserve/_/_hold conditions
limiting/_/_holding back
preserving/_/_holding conditions
direct/_/_issue an orderly deal
directing/_/_issuing an orderly deal
hold/_/_keep grasp
preserve/_/_keep the same
direct/_/_keep track
overlook/_/_keep watch
holding/_/_keeping grasp
preserving/_/_keeping the same
directing/_/_keeping track
preserving/_/_keeping up
overlooking/_/_keeping watch
disappoint/_/_let down
give/_/_let someone have
disappointing/_/_letting down
giving/_/_letting someone have
place/_/_locate somewhere
placing/_/_locating somewhere
irk/_/_make bitter
please/_/_make content
alter/_/_make different
obligate/_/_make required
impair/_/_make sluggish
impair/_/_make suscept
irking/_/_making bitter
pleasing/_/_making content
impairing/_/_making sluggish
impairing/_/_making suscept
convene/_/_meet and introduce
fulfill/_/_meet demand
convening/_/_meeting and introducing
fulfilling/_/_meeting demand
give/_/_offer for free
giving/_/_offering for free
peal/_/_pull off
pealing/_/_pulling off
associate/_/_put with a characteristic
rip/_/_rip into
ripping/_/_ripping into
respond/_/_show expression
responding/_/_showing expression
happening/_/_something that is going on
exchange/_/_switch with
exchanging/_/_switching with
draw/_/_take out
happen/_/_take place
carry/_/_take with
drawing/_/_taking out
happening/_/_taking place
apply/_/_make a use of
apply/_/_make use of
